very windy here in LA over the weekend
wind warnings were in effect until noon
on Saturday some of the wouldn't even
got beneath my wings' which was
inspirational but it was hot and it was
wind the whole city was one big dry bar
and the power went out of my house
I felt powerless literally I that Sydney
was a mess fortunately we have developed
a very simple to understand wind alert
system in Los Angeles it's kinda like
the homeland security threat advisory
but instead of callers we as a person so
I here it is you can see for light winds
go outside right the wind is annoying
but there's not much that we can do
about it you know oh but there is what
was that what is this
Oh Jetson decorative wind chimes Salem
Oh it's weird you look just like Fred
Willard that's strange
that's right I've been told that it's
quite flat yeah well sure yeah are you
in the market for for the wind shy Oh
may I see them
yes it's actually not windy anymore so I
don't know it's always a great time for
a big wind chime yeah this actually
isn't a great time see the hummingbirds
the Owls he's dangling metal - oh yeah
yeah they're nice and I they do have a
nice sound but I'm actually not
interested right now they are wonderful
yeah no interest no no interest at all
yeah it's uh you know I don't I see how
it is what do you mean I am Southern
California's number one decorative wind
chime salesman I didn't know that and I
know you're tight mark my words jimmy
kimmel a day will come when the wind
will start then it won't stop
I wouldn't like you've never before
experienced you'll want it to stop but
no it will blow and blow and blow and on
that day you wish you had purchased
decorative wind chimes would you like
some no I would not like thank you so
much
up in the outer office if anyone your
audience is interested meanwhile I think
our first meeting went well yeah yeah it
down some barriers yeah yeah I'm always
in the area okay great very available
are you on social
it's not right
I think the answer is blowing in the
wind my favorite clay to seal some
decorative wind chimes preps you and
Jimmy no thank you though it's buy one
get another one 50% off everything in my
inventory is always half thanks for
watching if you like that subscribe to
our YouTube channel for all the latest
videos and if you didn't subscribe
anyway it's free who cares